would you like a drink sir
yes a diet coke please ice and lemon
just lemon
you are thank you
coffee tea coffee please
milk yes please
sugar no thanks
here you are thanks
hello are you mark ryder yes are you ali
yes i am nice to meet you and you
welcome to the uk
your hotel's in the city center how far
is it it's about 30 minutes if the
traffic's okay
great would you like a coffee first no
i'm fine thanks
all right let's go my car's in the car
park can i help you with your bags
no it's okay thanks
good evening sir hello i have a
reservation my name is mark ryder
can you spell that please r-y-d-e-r
for five nights yes that's right can i
have your passport please
just a moment here you are
can you sign here please do you want a
smoking or non-smoking room
uh non-smoking please
here's your key it's room 425 on the
fourth floor
thank you oh where's the lift it's over
there
do you need help with your bags no it's
okay thanks enjoy your stay mr ryder
thank you where are you from in the
united states mark
the west coast san francisco is it nice
oh yeah it's a great city
are you from london no i'm from
cambridge my family lived there but
i live here in london sorry
hello darling how are you i'm fine yeah
don't worry fine
fine that's great
[Music]
bye darling i love you
sorry that's okay your wife no no my
daughter she always phones me when i'm
traveling
how old is she she's nine she lives with
her mother in los angeles
we're divorced are you married
no i'm not
how old are you that's very personal
what do you think 25
26 thanks i'm 27. how old are you
i'm 34. oh
would you like another drink no thanks i
have to go now mark
our first meeting's at 10 see you
tomorrow
see you tomorrow allie good night no
can i help you what would you like a
cappuccino please
regular or large large please and can i
have an espresso please
to have hill take away to have here
anything else no thanks uh brownie for
me please
okay how much is that together all
separate
together that's 6 45 please sorry how
much
6 45. thank you
thanks mark you're welcome look there's
a free table over there
oh i'm really sorry don't worry it's
always the same when i wear white
something like this always happens
look first i'll get you another coffee
then we can go shopping shopping
yeah i want to buy you a new shirt you
can't go to a meeting like that but we
don't have time the next meeting's at 12
30.
we have time it's only 11. are you sure
yes sit down and relax let's have coffee
and then go
well okay
can i help you yes what size is this
shirt
let's see a small what size do you want
a medium this is a medium
thanks where can i try it on the
changing rooms are over there
thank you
how is it it's fine how much is it 34.99
do you take american express yes sir
thank you very much mark oh you're
welcome i'm really sorry about the car
it's okay it's late our meeting's at 12
30. we can take a taxi okay
do you like the shirt well yeah
it's exactly the same as the other one
the same it's completely different
sorry typical man
ali can i ask you something yeah
what would you like to have dinner with
me tonight
tonight yeah you see it's my birthday
oh happy birthday i'm sorry but i can't
have dinner tonight i'm busy
oh
how about friday night friday
well okay
do you know a good restaurant let me
think do you like italian food
i love it well there's a new italian
restaurant we can go there
good idea taxi
can i help you how much is that t-shirt
it's 1560.
sorry how much did you say 1560.
and how much are those mugs the big mugs
are 10.25 and the small ones are 8.75
can i have a big mug please sure
here you are anything else do you have
birthday cards
sorry we've only got postcards oh well
just the mug then
that's 10 25.
here you are have you got the 25
yes yeah
thanks thank you bye bye
hi ali wow you look great
nice dress oh thank you uh
this is for you for your birthday i
bought you a little present
oh oh no i hope it isn't broken
it's a mug
it was a mug thanks howie
i don't believe it i'm sorry mark no
problem it was really nice of you
i'll get you another one tomorrow don't
worry listen did you call a taxi to go
to the restaurant
no i have my car outside come on it's
time to go
i booked the table for eight and i'm not
sure exactly where the restaurant is
hey ally relax this isn't work this is
a night out sorry i'm a bit stressed
today
okay let's go
excuse me where's king street please
sorry i don't know
excuse me is king street near here king
street
it's near here but i don't know exactly
where sorry thank you
excuse me can you tell me the way to
king street
yes go straight on go past the church
and then turn
left at the traffic lights and then i
think it's the second on the right
sorry could you say that again please
yes go straight on
go past the church and then turn left at
the traffic lights
and then i think it's the second on the
right thank you
good evening do you have a reservation
yes a table for two
my name's ali gray smoking or
non-smoking non-smoking please
come this way please
are you ready to order yes i'd like the
onion soup and then the steak please
the goat's cheese salad and the lasagna
for me please
what would you like to drink would you
like some wine
no thanks just mineral water for me okay
a glass of red wine and a bottle of
mineral water please
thank you sir thank you
how was the pasta it was delicious
listen aly there's something i want to
ask you yes
what would you like a dessert yes please
what is there tiramisu ice cream or
fruit salad fruit salad please
and you sir nothing for me thanks
ali yes
go on mark um
well tomorrow's my last day and i think
we
i mean i i really like meeting you
and you are fruit salad would you like
any coffee
yes an espresso please the same for me
please
sorry mark
do you want to come to california next
month there's a big conference
i'm going to be there why don't you come
what do you think two espressos
anything else a little brandy no
thank you what do you say ally
i'm not sure mark i need some time to
think about it okay
all right but please tell me before i go
okay
can we have a check please sorry the
check
the bail mark we're in britain remember
sorry
could we have the bill please yes sir
good morning sir good morning can i have
my bill please i'm checking out
which room is it room 425
did you have anything from the minibar
last night yes a mineral water
here you are how would you like to pay
american express
thank you
okay can you sign here please
would you like me to call a taxi for you
no thanks
do you need any help with your luggage
no i'm fine thanks
have a good trip mr ryder thank you
goodbye goodbye
hello hi mark it's ally i'm really sorry
but the traffic this morning is terrible
i'm going to be very late okay
i think the best thing is for you to
take a taxi to the station and then get
the train to the airport
no problem i'll call a taxi
well thanks for everything no listen
i'll meet you at the airport we can say
goodbye there all right
where can we meet at the information
desk
okay see you there bye
excuse me uh change your plan could you
call me a taxi please
to the station
hello sorry i can't take your call
please leave a message
after the tone hi ali this is mark
where are you i'm at the information
desk
my flight leaves in 40 minutes mark mark
sorry i'm late don't worry i'm just
happy you got here
come on you're gonna miss your flight
wait a minute
are you gonna come to the conference in
california am i gonna see you again
the plane's going to leave without you
ally i asked my boss this morning and he
said
yes i can go great i don't have your
home phone number
don't worry i'll email it to you
tomorrow this is the final call for all
passengers on flight ba287 to san
francisco
please proceed immediately to gate 12.
goodbye ali and
thanks for everything goodbye mark
have a safe trip see in california
[Music]
bye
remember child okay child
one kid and children
children two or more kids
invite invite verb invitation
the noun nation nation
now national national
adjective family
family the now familiar
familiar adjective please
exclamation please
pleasant pleasant the adjective
and pleasure pleasure now
i'm the only child in my family
how many children do you want to have
i was invited to his birthday party
remember birth
birthday party i was invited to his
birthday party that means
on his birthday he invited me to his
wedding accessory to his birthday party
she got a wedding invitation from her
ex-boyfriend her ex-boyfriend
invited her to his wedding party
okay china is a big nation
husband is working in a national company
how many people are there in your family
you look familiar i met you before i
thought so
come in please i feel pleasant
when listening to music and it's my
pleasure
to be here today we have students
and study my daughter is a high school
student
studying i'm studying at oxford
university
to even an event she loves her dad a lot
even though he's very strict event
we are gonna have a fundraising event
this weekend
3. comment and comment
do you have any comments about this
picture
comment what kinds of shops accompany
your city
fourth true and new
i usually chew gum while i'm on the bus
new our cousin has to spot a new car
next secret and secretary
he told me about his secret relationship
with no woman
and secretary my sister is working as a
secretary
for a big company decide
decide and decision
usually you will say decide and decision
actually this is the site for the verb
decide that means after thinking
carefully about
something you uh finally
make make a decision or that means you
choose something that you think is good
or bad
or better for you so that is decide
decide in this one the noun
is decision okay
decision remember here the difference
here okay decide and
decision so we have the example
i have decided to quit
my job i have decided to quit my job
okay or you can say
i have made a decision to quit my job
decide that means make a decision
okay but make a decision is more formal
than
using decided decide so you can say
so you can say i have decided to quit my
job or
i have made a decision to quit my job
now for number two
experience and experiment
uh i think a lot of people
of course my students too okay
like they usually uh mispronounce
between this one
uh experience or experiments
experiment so this is experience
experience that means for example if you
do a job for some years later
you have gained a lot of knowledge for
your job
so you are good at that that means you
have a lot of experience
about it and this one experiment
an experiment is a scientific test
that you usually do to check something
to learn
something new okay experience sorry
experience this
is the same you see it's very
experienced but this is
experience and this is
experi okay
experience experiment
now we have the example of experience
he likes doing
he likes doing experiments on plants
that means he's really interested in
doing experiments
about you know plants or trees
flowers things like that
he likes doing experiments on plants
she has about has
has about five years teaching experience
she has about five years teaching
experience
now for number three where
where that means you put your clothes on
you are you are wearing clothes okay
where
uh where this is swear
okay and this is swear but this
is weary
okay uh this is
where swear and this is
weary where swear
and weary uh where that means you put
your clothes on
okay and swear
swear that means a serious promise to do
something and weary weary that means you
are
very very tired or you are exhausted
okay so we have
four wear what are you wearing
what are you wearing for swear
i swear all i link them together
all i have said all i have
said is the truth
the truth the truth
i swear all i have said is the truth
for weary we feel
really weary after a long walking day
like we have to walk for
a whole day and right now we feel
so tired very tired or really weary
that means i don't have any energy
anymore i cannot do anything anymore
we feel really weary after a long
working day
image um image
but this is imagine a different right
okay just different
here
image image and this is imagine
image uh image that means
um uh you know it has a lot of meanings
but
uh here it means an impression that
a person or maybe a company an
organization
gives to the public okay how
other people think and feel about them
imagine imagine that means you you
you think in your mind about something
might be okay in image
imagine image this is
image but this is imagine
okay so uh
he linked them together he's a
famous lunch famous okay famous
artist with the with the
clean image he's a famous artist with a
clean image artist that means a person
who
works in art maybe like uh he can be a
singer
a model um maybe and
maybe an actor or an actress a serene
actor
so artist a clean image a clean image
that means
he has no scandals at all and people
always
think that he's a good man or things
like that
so he's a famous artist with a clean
image he's a famous artist with a clean
image
uh and for
imagine imagine
this is image this is imagine
oh i'm sorry for wearing
uh this is swear this is
weary can you imagine
how life would be with the music
like can you can you think in your mind
that
how our life would be with the music
that means no music at all right can you
imagine how life would be
without music that is that is a question
can you imagine how life would be with
that music
now for number five um kato
katto and this is casso
okay different don't say casto
okay that is
okay i don't know but okay this is the
way the native speakers pronounce this
one
and kato kato you know
a cattle that is a cow
or buu that usually um
is raised in in a farm for milk or from
or for meat for food okay kato
and katso kaso is a very
big strong and important building
usually that is a place for the queen
uh the king the princess
to stay okay in the past so casso
here my parents my parents
my parents are living them together my
parents
are raising hundreds
of cattles my parents are raising
hundreds of cattles
uh that means like um my parents are
raising
a lot a lot of cattle over maybe maybe
two hundred
maybe 300 a lot okay
a hundreds uh more than a hundred
more than hundred but not a thousand
hundreds of cattles
my parents are raising hundreds of
cattles
and four
and for castle have you ever been to
windsor castle have you ever been to
windsor castle
windsor castle is very famous in
britain okay so windsor castle